Update privacy-personal-data.md (#3633)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/managed-desktop/service-description/privacy-personal-data.md

Microsoft Managed Desktop stores its data in the United States. Personal data is retained by Microsoft Managed Desktop for a maximum of 30 days.

### Staff location

> The MMD Operations and MMD Security Operations teams are located in the United States and India.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Managed Desktop Operations and Microsoft Managed Desktop Security Operations teams are located in the United States and India.
```

Reviewer: "Microsoft Managed Desktop" has not been abbreviated anywhere else in this topic, so this suggestion is purely for consistency.

Reviewer 2: @JohanFreelancer9 correct: Microsoft Managed Desktop must _never_ be abbreviated.
